Add section to upgrade about new reserved directory (#7411)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

];
```

### New Reserved Templates directory for Global Blocks

With the introduction of the new [Global Blocks](https://docs.sulu.io/en/2.6/book/templates.html#templates-global-blocks) there
is a new reserved directory `config/templates/blocks`.

> If you already did use that directory for `xi:includes` your existing blocks to `config/templates/includes/blocks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already did use that directory for `xi:includes` you should move the existing blocks to `config/templates/includes/blocks`.
```
